Intsight indicators fix. (#4483)
demisto/content: Integrations/IntSight/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Indicators issue fixed - were not extracted correctly in `!intsights-get-iocs`

Reviewer: maybe:
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where indicators were not extracted correctly in ***intsight-get-iocs*** command
```
@kirbles19 WDYT?

Reviewer 2: Add a period to the end, and it's perfect.

Reviewer: so close...
